README.md, before:

# Learn to Tell Time
by Ayse and Polina
## Description
   *"Learn to Tell Time"* is a game that could help people of all ages to learn how to tell time by reading a non-digital clock.Their 6 times that need to be matched to finish the game. This game requires people to use their keyboard arrows to match the clock arrows with an hour and minutes provided. As, soon as the person matches the digital time given with the position of the arrows, the "Congratulation!!!" sign will appear and the time that was matched will change colors.
   However, while making our game we were not able to make a digital clock that would give people random times to match with arrows on the clock. We also were not able to add a dragging feature that would allow the movement of the arrow to be faster. Then, in the begging, we thought we would have time to maybe include a second level to this game, which would include knowing the 24  hour or military time. We were also have not been able to include any of the libraries that we have hoped to include to help our project to be more featured.
## Responsibilities

Commit message:

Adding about the start again button

README.md, after:

# Learn to Tell Time
by Ayse and Polina
## Description
   *"Learn to Tell Time"* is a game that could help people of all ages to learn how to tell time by reading a non-digital clock.Their 6 times that need to be matched to finish the game. This game requires people to use their keyboard arrows to match the clock arrows with an hour and minutes provided. As, soon as the person matches the digital time given with the position of the arrows, the "Congratulation!!!" sign will appear and the time that was matched will change colors. Then, if people want to start over, they can press the start again button that will reset them to the begging.
   However, while making our game we were not able to make a digital clock that would give people random times to match with arrows on the clock. We also were not able to add a dragging feature that would allow the movement of the arrow to be faster. Then, in the begging, we thought we would have time to maybe include a second level to this game, which would include knowing the 24  hour or military time. We were also have not been able to include any of the libraries that we have hoped to include to help our project to be more featured.
## Responsibilities
